<h1 _ngcontent-rsh-c119="" class="doc-title ng-star-inserted" title="地图数据版权声明"> 地图数据版权声明 </h1>

<div _ngcontent-rsh-c106="" auitextselectionexpansion="" class="markdown-body ng-star-inserted" style="position: relative;"> <div><p>TomTom Data</p> <p>© 2006-2025 TomTom. All rights reserved. This material is proprietary and the subject of copyright protection, database right protection and other Intellectual Property Rights owned by TomTom or its suppliers. The use of this material is subject to the terms of a license agreement. Any unauthorized copying or disclosure of this material will lead to criminal and civil liabilities.</p> <p></p> <p>OSM Data</p> <p>Contains map data © OpenStreetMap contributors. More information can be found here: https://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright.</p> <p></p> <p>NAVINFO Data</p> <p>©NAVINFO, all rights reserved</p> <p></p> <p>Austria</p> <p>© BEV, GZ 1368/2003</p> <p></p> <p>Belarus</p> <p>© Source data. State committee on property of the Republic of Belarus, 2019 © Republic unitary organization Belgeodesia, 2019</p> <p></p> <p>Canada</p> <p>© 1992 – 2025 TomTom. All rights reserved. This material is proprietary and the subject of copyright protection and other intellectual property rights owned or licensed to TomTom. The product includes information copied with permission from Canadian authorities, including © Canada Post Corporation. All rights reserved. The use of this material is subject to the terms of a License Agreement. You will be held liable for any unauthorized copying or disclosure of this material.</p> <p></p> <p>Canada and United States</p> <p>© 1992 – 2023 TomTom. All rights reserved. Portions of the POI database contained in Points of Interest North America have been provided by Neustar Localeze</p> <p></p> <p>Denmark</p> <p>© DAV, violation of these copyrights shall cause legal proceedings</p> <p></p> <p>France</p> <p>Source: Direction générale des Finances Publiques – Cadastre; Updated 2019</p> <p></p> <p>Germany</p> <p>© GeoBasis-DE / LDBV 2021</p> <p></p> <p>Indonesia</p> <p>© Base data Badan Informasi Geospasial</p> <p></p> <p>Ireland</p> <p>© 2019 GeoDirectory</p> <p></p> <p>Jordan</p> <p>© Royal Jordanian Geographic center</p> <p></p> <p>Macao</p> <p>Macao Special Administrative Region Government – Cartography and Cadastre Bureau</p> <p></p> <p>Malta</p> <p>© Mapping Unit, Malta Planning Authority</p> <p></p> <p>Northern Ireland</p> <p>Based upon the Ordnance Survey or Northern Ireland's data of 2019 with the permission of the Controller of Her Majesty's Stationary Office, © Crown copyright and database rights</p> <p></p> <p>Russia</p> <p>© ROSREESTR</p> <p></p> <p>Switzerland</p> <p>© Swisstopo</p> <p></p> <p>United States</p> <p>© United States Postal Service 2025</p> </div> <div></div></div>